A - File Listings and Descriptions

This appendix contains a listing of all of the standard files found on a
Centipede Lite system.


A.1 - Program Files


A.1.1 - Modules

Program modules make up the majority of the programming code in Centipede.
Multiple modules may reside in memory at once, providing that they are at
different levels. All modules must be named with the "mdl." prefix.
[NAL: This is a simple list of module names. The full version of Centipede has
complete details on functions and options for each module which can be used
for customization.]

mdl.acnt-maint      mdl.apply           mdl.bootup          mdl.caller-log
mdl.chat-req        mdl.copy            mdl.date&time       mdl.deletefile
mdl.dos             mdl.download        mdl.edit-menu       mdl.editor
mdl.edit-script     mdl.email           mdl.filescan        mdl.gfxtype
mdl.login           mdl.logoff          mdl.mb-main         mdl.mb-purge
mdl.mb-select       mdl.midnight        mdl.modem           mdl.options
mdl.panel-draw      mdl.protocol        mdl.regen-dir       mdl.regen-mb
mdl.releasefile     mdl.screensaver     mdl.sysop-news      mdl.term
mdl.ud-dir          mdl.upload          mdl.user-acnt       mdl.view-panel
mdl.vote            mdl.wait4call


A.1.2 - Machine Language Code Files

Machine language file are only run from within another program module. Their
names and descriptions[NAL] are included here for completion of this listing
only.

mlc.*-r            mlc.*-s             mlc.ansi            mlc.ascii
mlc.chattext       mlc.commodore       mlc.main0 v4.0lt    mlc.main1 v4.1lt
mlc.swiftlink


A.1.3 - Overlays

Overlays form the lowest building block for the BASIC coding. An overlay must
always be present in memory. Only one overlay may be in memory at once, and
loading an overlay will remove any modules from memory. Overlays may be
thought of as level 0 modules. All overlays must start with the prefix "ovl.".
There are only two overlays included with the Centipede Lite system.

ovl.main           ovl.trap


A.1.4 - Miscellaneous

Following are any other program coding files that do not fit in any of the
previous subsections.

bbs                chr.ansi            reboot


A.2 - Support, System, and other Specialized Files

These files serve a supportive function to the BBS program code. The fields in
the table are:

File Name:   The file name may contain a wildcard character (* or ?). As in
             file matching in Commodore DOS, these wildcards can represent
             different characters. Such properties are explained in the
             description.
Location:    This letter code defines the location where the file is stored.
             The letter codes are defined  as:

       A:  Account Files Location          M:  A Message Board Location
       E:  E-Mail Files Location           N:  Network Files Location
       F:  A File Area Directory Location  P:  Default Program Files Location
       H:  Help Files Location             S:  Default Support Files Location
       L:  Caller Log Files Location       Y:  System Files Location

Description: A description of the file.


accounts file    A  Membership account information. (See format info below.)
application      Y  New user application questions.
days stats       Y  The day's statistics - number of calls, posts, new members,
                    downloads, uploads,network posts, calls, total calls etc..
default msg 0    E  The default message created by the current caller.
device id        Y  Information used to identify storage units.
^directory       F  File transfer area file directory. Stored in "var."
                    format.
^dir.bak         F  Temporary directory file during regeneration and a backup.
email *          E  Member #'*'s E-mail.
email-dl *       E  Temporary file for e-mail message downloading.
login msg        S  Picture or text displayed upon connecting to the BBS  
                    before the login prompt.
logoff msg       S  Picture or text displayed upon a normal logoff from
                    the BBS.
mailbox empty    S  Picture displayed if the caller does not have any
                    e-mail waiting.
mailbox filled   S  Picture displayed if the caller has e-mail in his or
                    her mailbox.
member memory    A  The membership list in a format that can be quickly
                    loaded into memory at boot up.
membership full  S  Message displayed if a new user tries to join and
                    there is no space for new members in your accounts file.
msg index        M  The message board's index file - containing message
                    number, category, and threading information.
new user msg1    S  Displayed to a new user in between entering a name and
                    password, and the new user application.
new user msg2    S  Displayed to a new user after filling out the application.
nothing flagged  S  Displayed if a caller attempts to perform an operation
                    on all flagged files, and nothing has been flagged.
password msg     S  Displayed before a member enters a new password.
sysop news       S  Storage file for the SysOp News. Use the SysOp News
                    Editor under SysOp Maintenance to edit and view.
sysop not here   S  Displayed after a chat request has been made and the
                    SysOp has not responded.
upload msg       S  Displayed before a caller uploads files.
var.bootup       Y  Extra parameters and variables to be loaded at bootup,
                    that are not defined by bbs-setup.
var.main         P  Main BBS parameters and variables, as defined in bbs-setup.


The application file uses a special format. All text is simply displayed
unless it is an input field. Input fields are indicated by placing a '#'
character in the first column of a new line. After the '#', a format code
defines the type of input allowed:
        'f'  =  Free form. This is the default if no letter is given.
        'm'  =  Force Mixed upper and lower casing.
        'n'  =  Number only.
        'u'  =  Force Upper case only.
The format code may be optionally followed by an Extra Info Field number (1
through 10). EIFs can be viewed in Account Maintenance and used for certain
purposes by add-ons.
The format code and/or EIF number may be optionally followed by the lower-
case letter 'r'. This will store the input as the member's real name in his or
her account. The same EIF number or 'r' code may be present in multiple
input fields. The answers will be concatenated together.
All codes are followed by a second '#' character, and then a short field name.
An example application file is included with Centipede Lite.


A.3 - Help Files

All of the following files are stored in the Help Files location.

hlp.*             Each menu that you define (mnu.*) has an associated help
                  file that is displayed if the caller presses '?' from the
                  menu prompt.
hlp.download      Displayed when the caller presses '?' from the download
                  prompt: "[U]nflag, [F]lag,[P]rotocol, RETURN=Continue"
hlp.editor        Command list for text message editor's edit mode. Displayed
                  if caller presses '?' at the "Edit:" prompt in the editor.
hlp.editor-full   Command list for the full-screen editor. Displayed if the
                  caller presses 'HOME ?' while in the full-screen editor.
hlp.editor-line   Command list for the line-based text editor. Displayed if
                  the caller enters /? on a line.
hlp.email-read    Command list for the E-mail reader. Displayed if the caller
                  presses '?' at the prompt between e-mail messages.
hlp.fileselect    Command list for the full-screen interactive file selector.
hlp.login         Information on how to log into the BBS. Shown before the
                  membership list at the login prompt.
hlp.protocol      Description of the different file transfer protocols.
                  Displayed if the caller presses '?' from the protocol 
                  selection prompt.


A.4 - Script Files

Scripts are collections of commands that are run in sequence. They have the
file name prefix "scr." and are stored in the Program Files location.

The tables below list describe each of these scripts and their default
contents [NAL].

scr.auto-off       scr.bootup          scr.login
scr.logoff         scr.midnight        scr.new-hour        scr.new-login
scr.quick-login    scr.sys-idle        scr.wait4call-0


Copyright 1998, Bugsoft

  -<[ Use your browser's "BACK" button to return to the table of contents. ]>-
