D - Keyboard Commands

There are many keyboard commands for performing a wide variety of actions in
Centipede. Most of these are activated by pressing the CONTROL or ALT key in
combination with another key, or by pressing one of the Function keys. These
are described in the sections below. One other command that does not fit into
any category is the LINE FEED key. Ordinarily a rather useless key, in
Centipede it can be pressed at nearly any point during BBS operation to bring
up the BBS View Panel. Press LINE FEED again to shove the panel back down.
Viewing the panel will not have any effect on a caller that may be online at
the time. [NAL: The View Panel in Centipede lite is crippled. Only the display
of the current and last five callers' handles is functional.]


D.1 - CONTROL Key Commands

The CONTROL key commands are produced by pressing and holding the CONTROL key,
while pressing the listed letter key. Unless otherwise noted, these character
commands can be entered from online (such as in messages), or included in
program code.

CONTROL-A:     Turn rainbow mode on.
CONTROL-B:     Change the background color if followed by a color key, otherwise
               turn character underlining on.
CONTROL-C:     Cycle to the previous system color.
CONTROL-D:     Cycle to the next system color.
CONTROL-F:     Turn character flashing and underlining off.
CONTROL-G:     Produce a bell sound.
CONTROL-J:     Produce a carriage return. Works from within program code only.
CONTROL-K:     Copy a character entered at the current column position on the
               last line entered. (Certain restrictions apply for security
               reasons.)
CONTROL-O:     Turn character flashing on.
CONTROL-P:     Abort current operation when online, or produce a soft return in
               when in program code. (A soft return will output a space when
               still on the first half of an 80c display.)
CONTROL-S:     Pause output. This is the same as the HOME key on a Commodore.
CONTROL-V:     Verify current line being entered by redisplaying it on the next
               line. Useful for checking for line noise.
CONTROL-W:     Word delete; delete back to last space.
CONTROL-X:     Delete back to the beginning of the line.
CONTROL-Z:     Turn rainbow off.


D.2 - ALT Key Commands [NAL]

The ALT key commands are produced by pressing and holding the ALT key, while
pressing the listed command key. These commands only work from the local
computer that the BBS is running on, and thus cannot be activated by a caller.

[NAL: The list is here only to show you what the full version of Centipede can
do.]

ALT-1 ...
     ALT-8:    Display the numbered programmable ALT key definition, as
               defined in bbs-setup.
ALT-A:         Toggle SysOp availability for chat.
ALT-C:         Toggle Auto-Color Changing in chat mode. With this feature
               active, anything you type will be shown in the first system
               color, and anything the caller types will appear in the second
               system color.
ALT-G:         Produce a bell sound on the BBS computer only. This is
               useful for adjusting the audio volume.
ALT-S:         Toggle Split-Screen Chat Mode. When active, the chat screen
               will be split into two halves, one for the SysOp and one for
               the caller.
ALT-W:         Toggle Word-Wrap in chat mode.
ALT-0:         Clear the system buffer.
ALT-+:         Start capturing output into the system buffer.
ALT--:         Stop capturing output into the system buffer.
ALT-@:         Dump the contents of the system buffer, as if it were typed
               into the keyboard.

In addition to these commands, simply holding the ALT key while a script is
executing will prompt you for execution of each command in the script.


D.3 - Function Key Commands

When a member is online, there are a few commands that can be executed by
pressing the F- keys on your keyboard:

F1:  From nearly anywhere in the BBS, you may press F1 to jump into chat with
     the caller.
F3:  Pressing F3 will exit chat mode, having frozen the caller's time for the
     day while in chat mode.
F4:  Pressing F4 will exit chat mode, while having allowed for the caller's
     time for the day to be used up during the time spent in chat.
F5:  Edit the caller's access level, time for the day, or credits. [NAL] You
     may also put the caller on hold. [NAL]
F7:  Run a program module. [NAL]


Copyright 1998, Bugsoft

  -<[ Use your browser's "BACK" button to return to the table of contents. ]>-
