4 - Configuring Your BBS

Now that you have planned out your BBS, and copied all of your files to where
you want them, you now need let the software in on all of this information!
This chapter explains the main setup program where main parts of the system
are configured. Also covered is a utility for converting some Color 64/V128
system files over from a BBS that you may have run in the past [NAL].
Small, specialized areas of the BBS are configured from within Centipede
[NAL]. The configuration utilities available on all Centipede BBSs are covered
in section 5.11. Many add-on systems (such as networks) will also have their
own configuration utilities [NAL].


4.1 - BBS-Setup

The bbs-setup program is your centralized location for configuring all general
BBS parameters. Many of these settings are used throughout the system. This is
the place to go once you have planned for your BBS (chapter 2) and copied the
files to your primary storage units (chapter 3). You will also return to the
bbs-setup program on occasion to make changes to system parameters.
If you already have the BBS running, shut it down. Switch your active disk
location to your Programs Files location and run the program "bbs-setup".
On-screen instructions will guide you on how to navigate through the setup
program. The following subsections will brief you on specific sections of the
setup program and specific options.

NOTE: Any blinking options are not available in Centipede Lite.


4.1.1 - File Locations

In this section, you inform Centipede on how to find each of the main file
locations that you choose in section 2.6. You will be prompted for the device
number file prefix, and commands for each location you select to edit. If you
do not have a second command for a location, simply leave that field blank.
For a review on how to specify file locations on your particular storage
units, please refer back to section 2.3.


4.1.2 - Programmable Key Definitions [NAL]

The programmable ALT keys are analogous to the programmable F-keys (function
keys) on the Commodore 128. [NAL]


4.1.3 - Modem Configuration

Refer to section 2.5 for information about configuring your particular modem,
and then set the parameters: 

Use Modem DTR Signal?
Setting this to YES will sometimes make for more reliable disconnections
after a call. However, you cannot set this option and use the off-hook option.
If you select NO, your modem configuration will need to include AT&D0. To set
your modem to use DTR, you will need to use a &D setting of greater than zero,
such as AT&D3.

Use Off-Hook Command?
Selecting yes here will take the BBS phone line off hook when it is busy
and unable to accept a call. You must select NO to the previous setting for
this to work correctly.

Using a SwiftLink/Turbo232?
Select YES if your modem is connected to a SwiftLink or Turbo232 cartridge.
Select NO for modems (or interfaces) connected to the user port.

Use Fixed Local Baud Rate?
Select YES to force the modem and computer to always communicate at the
highest baud rate.

Maximum Baud Rate:
Possible values for any modem interface are 300, 1200, 2400, and 4800.
With a SwiftLink or Turbo232, you may also select 9600, 14400, 19200, and
38400. These are the local (DTE) baud rates. Your actual modem connection rate
(DCE) will generally be lower.

Modem Initialization Command:
Any modem settings that cannot be saved as a profile in the modem's memory
is included here. If all settings are saved, then this init string will
typically be ath0z0.

Learn Carrier Type
Select this option any time you change your modem or modem interface. The
setup program will learn the type of carrier detection signal your system uses.


4.1.4 - Users' Time Limits

Callers are only allowed to remain on the system for a limited amount of time
each day. This gives other people a chance to call in. Base daily limits are
assigned by member access level. Individual adjustments may be made via
Account Maintenance (see section 5.3).

In addition to daily limits, you may also set per-call time limits for both
the AM and PM hours, as well as the maximum calls a user may make in a single
day and the amount of time a user has to wait in between separate calls [NAL].


4.1.5 - Caller Purge [NAL]

Accounts may be set to expire if a user does not call frequently.[NAL]


4.1.6 - U/D File Transfer Areas

The U/D File Transfer Areas section of bbs-setup is split into three parts.
Please refer back to your planning work in subsection 2.6.10 as you progress
through this subsection.


4.1.6.1 - Categories [NAL]

In this first part, you set the categories for your file directories. [NAL:
Only one category in Lite.]


4.1.6.2 - Directories

The directory editor will present you with dual-pane view. The right side is a
list of currently defined directories. Each line in the list consists of a
directory number (for reference within bbs-setup only) and the directory's
name. Use the cursor up and down keys to scroll the list. On the left is a
command menu of options: add directory to the end of the list, insert a
directory anywhere, delete a directory, or edit an existing directory.

Choosing to add, insert, or edit will take you to the directory definition
screen. Here, you may use the standard bbs-setup navigation commands (shown on
screen) to edit the fields defining the directory's name, access level,
location, and upload/download privileges. 


4.1.6.3 - Options

Besides directory definitions, there are several parameter settings related to
the file transfer area. Following are descriptions of each:

Minimum Number Of Blocks Available To Allow Uploads:
This value is used to reserve disk space for other files and to prevent
an upload from overrunning the disk. This number is subtracted from the actual
number of blocks available on disk. If the resulting number of blocks
available is less than one, an upload will not be allowed.

Use Extended File Descriptions? [NAL]
Extended file descriptions are in addition to the thirty-eight character
Short-View descriptions that are stored in the U/D directory. Each file in the
file transfer area will have its own extended description file, containing the
uploader's name, the number of downloads the file has received, and a member
entered description that can be as long as a public message. [NAL]

Multiplication Factor Of Credits Awarded When File D/Led: [NAL]
Each time a file is downloaded, the uploader may be awarded extra credits.[NAL]

Multiplication Factor Of Credits Awarded On File U/L:
When a file is uploaded to the public file transfer area, the uploader may
be awarded credits based on this multiplication factor. For example, if a
caller uploads a file of 100 blocks and this is set to 3, the caller will
receive 300 credits. Set this parameter to zero to prevent any credits from
being awarded when a file is uploaded.

Maximum Number Of Downloads User May Make Per Call:
This is the number of files a caller may download in a single call. Keep
in mind that a single double sided disk that has been zipped will account for
eight downloads on its own.

Access Level Exempt From Credits & DLs Per Call:
A member of this access level or higher will always be able to download,
without regard for credit balance or number of files already downloaded. Set
to 1 to effectively disable the entire credit system.

Uploaded File Auto-Release Level:
Any file uploaded by a member with an access level less than this
setting will not be available for someone else to download until a SysOp or
Co-SysOp releases the file. See section 5.15 for information on the file
releasing utility.

Access Level That Can Access Unreleased Files: [NAL]
This is set to the access level 7, of Co-SysOp(s) who can release these files.

[Default UD Category Lock-Outs] [NAL]
Each individual user may be locked out of certain categories, regardless
of access level. [NAL]


4.1.7 - Message Board Areas

Use this section of bbs-setup to define your message boards. The planning done
in subsections 2.1.1 and 2.6.9 will guide you through most of this. We will
only cover a few points here which were not covered in the planning stage.

When defining a message board's categories, you may edit each category's name,
minimum access level, and associated network category. You may leave this
field set to zero for any category you wish to be accessible to anyone with
access to the message board. The network category association is dependent on
your network. Refer to the documentation for your network system(s) for
instructions on what network category numbers to use. Set this field to zero
in order to identify a category as local only. To remove a category from a
message board, simply clear its name field. That category, and all categories
after it, will no longer be a part of the message board.

The following parameters will appear on the final screen of options for the
message boards:

Minimum Number of Message Buffer Slots (0-25):
Buffer slots are blank spots in the message board index that are available
for new postings. When no blank spots are available, the BBS must remove an
old posting from a full message board before it can complete posting a new
one. This can cause a significant delay when the caller saves a message.
Having buffer slots thus allows for quick posting of new messages. For optimum
performance, the number of slots should be set to the number of messages you
expect the average member to post in a single call. You will need additional
directory space in each of your message board locations to store these extra
messages.

Maximum Number Of Files On Any Message Directory:
By setting a number here, the system will insure that the BBS does not
attempt to store more files on a disk than the disk is capable of holding. If
there is no chance of a message board location running out of file space, set
this option to 0 to disable this procedure and speed up the logoff sequence.

Minimum # Of Blocks Until Cycle Off Messages:
By setting a number here, the system will start cycling messages off a
message board early if the number of blocks free in any message board location
falls below this value. If there is no chance of a message board location
running out of disk space, set this option to 0 to disable this procedure and
speed up the logoff sequence.

Access Level to Scratch & Edit Others' Postings (3-9):
Members of this access level will be able to scratch (delete) and edit other
members' public postings. You may wish to set this slightly lower than level
nine if you have an area Co-SysOp who patrols the message boards for you.

[Default Message Base Lock-Outs] [NAL]
Each individual user may be locked out of certain boards, regardless of
access level.[NAL]


4.1.8 - System Colors

Centipede makes extensive use of color in order to present an appealing
display. Rather than having predefined colors in the software, Centipede
allows you to define eight system colors. When a new color is needed by the
software, the system simply cycles to the next system color.
System colors are also used by rainbowed text.

To change the colors, enter the color number you wish to change, then press
the key combination for the desired color. Colors are defined on the face of
the number keys on the main keypad. Hold the CONTROL key followed by the
number to produce the top color, or hold the C= key and press a number to
produce the bottom color.


4.1.9 - E-Mail & Messaging Options

This section allows you to define several parameters dealing with e-mail and
the message editor.

Number Of Days To Hold E-Mail & Credits: [NAL]
Set this option to the number of days you wish for the system to hold onto
old e-mail or pending credit awards (awarded when a file uploaded by the
member is downloaded). [NAL]

Minimum Access Level To Send Local E-Mail:
Access level a user must have in order to send e-mail to another local user.

Minimum Access Level To Send Network E-Mail:
Access level a user must have in order to send e-mail to someone on another
node of a network.

Absolute Max Lines Per Message:
Each message has a maximum length, defined by the amount of memory (RAM)
that is available for storage of the message. Centipede automatically adjusts
itself to changing memory availability. This setting lets you set an absolute
maximum size that cannot be exceeded, even if more memory is available. Having
this set higher than is necessary is wasteful (due to overhead), so once you
see how many lines the BBS is generally allowing for messages according to
memory needs, it is best to lower this limit to match. Please note that a 40
column caller will be allowed about twice as many lines as an 80 column
caller, since their lines are smaller.


4.1.10 - Other Parameters

These options did not fit in with any of the other sections, nor are there
enough related options to give them each their own individual sections. They
are the miscellaneous options.

Maximum Number Of Members On System:
This limit determines the how much space for membership accounts is created
in the accounts file. This can be expanded in the future, but not reduced.
You should make sure that there is enough space for all membership accounts,
without making the file too large. A larger file can make some operations
in the system take longer. Each membership account requires two blocks of
disk space.

New Member's Access Level:
This is the access level assigned to a new, unvalidated, caller. Set this
to 1 or 2.

Membership Expired Access Level: [NAL]
Each user can be assigned a date on which their membership expires.[NAL]

Save All Members' Applications? [NAL]
Set to YES to cause a new member's application to be stored in a premanent
file for future reference. [NAL]

Local Mode Usage Password: [NAL]
If a password is defined, it will be required to initiate any local
functions other than logging in. [NAL] Please note that this system is far
fool proof.

Minutes Idle At Wait4Call Screen Before Run Idle Script:
The idle script includes system activities that you want to run on a
regular basis during system inactivity. The idle script is generally used for
making automatic network calls. Other BBS add-ons may find other uses. By
waiting several minutes after a caller has logged off, the likelihood of this
system activity preventing another member from calling is minimized. Set the
number of minutes you want to allow the system to sit idly before it runs this
script. The default is 10 minutes.

Minutes Idle At Wait4Call Screen Before Run Screen Saver:
Screen savers may be used with Centipede. This setting defines how long
the system should wait at the Wait4Call screen before running it. Set this
option to 0 to disable the screen saver. Centipede Lite has a screen saver
pre-installed.

Use Sim40c When 40 Column User Is Online? [NAL]
Sim40c will stretch your display so that the characters are double wide,
thus simulating a 40 column display. Your C128 will still be using the 80c
(VDC chip) display and running at full speed. [NAL]

Trap BASIC Errors And Keep BBS Running?
When enabled, the system will attempt to recover from any errors
encountered in the BASIC coding. Also, the RUN/STOP key will be disabled,
preventing you from accidentally stopping the system. The only time you would
want to disable this is to debug a piece of software. The system will then
crash to BASIC and allow you to examine the state of the software at the
crash. Note: Even when enabled, you can still stop the system and return to
BASIC be pressing the RUN/STOP, C=, SHIFT, and CONTROL keys all at the same
time.

Size Of Caller Log: [NAL]
This log keeps track of everything a caller does while online. [NAL]

Your BBS's Name:
Simply enter the name of your BBS here. It is used in a few spots
throughout your system, including being displayed at the Wait4Call screen, and
in the 'From' line of an e-mail receipt. 


4.1.11 - Save

Selecting will make any necessary changes to the Centipede system files to
reflect your new choices.


4.1.12 - Abort

Aborting will disregard all changes you have made.


4.1.13 - Starting Anew

If you wish to change all of your configuration settings defined by bbs-setup,
or if you lose the "var.main" file which stores this information (where is
your backup?), you will need to dissolve the starter "var.main" file back from
your Centipede Lite software disk. You'll find this file in the "misc-prg.lbr"
archive. The bbs-setup program cannot run without a "var.main" file to read.


4.2 - Converting Color 64 or V128 System Files To Centipede [NAL]

If you previously ran a Color 64 v7.3x or Version 128 BBS system, you can
convert many of your system and support files from that software to be used by
Centipede by using the "v128-to-centi" conversion program. You may convert
membership accounts, message areas, e-mail, U/D directory listings, credits to
award, and message macros. [NAL]


Copyright 1998, Bugsoft

  -<[ Use your browser's "BACK" button to return to the table of contents. ]>-
