2 - Planning for Your BBS

Many of us like to rip open a new piece of software and start fudging our way
through it, just to see what it does. You are free to do so with Centipede,
but be prepared to delete all of that hacking and come back here for a proper
planning session. You see, a BBS system is not like those other little games
or utilities you are accustomed to throwing in the disk drive and typing
LOAD"*",8,1 on. Centipede is a very large software package - more complex than
even many operating systems. (Not quite as large with Lite.) After all, when
was the last time you dealt with any software package on an 8-bit system that
required at least a megabyte of space? You can't just throw that much code
around and expect it to work.

This chapter is meant to be read through step-by-step, while actually planning
your BBS. You should have some paper and a pencil handy to take down notes on
what you decide.


2.1 - What Are You Offering?

The first thing to decide, is what your BBS is all about! You probably already
have a general idea. Now it needs to be fine tuned. Some key questions are:

*    Why are you running this BBS? Is it a support board for a group or
     product? Will you be stressing a social atmosphere (messages), a point
     of exchange (file transfers), or a fun place to waste time (games)[NAL]?
     Something else?
*    Is there a theme? A theme gives your BBS a unique look, and provides you
     with a basis for design decisions. Pick a theme that fits your or your
     group's interests and go with it!
*    How much space do you have? Don't think that you will become the place
     to exchange files or to run a zillion message networks, if you are running
     off an REU and a fleet of floppy disks. It won't work.


2.1.1 - Message Boards and Networks

Bulletin Board Systems earned their names by being compared to cork bulletin
boards used to post messages in schools and workplaces. While BBSs have
expanded to offering many other features since that time, the message boards
continue as a central feature. Here, any member (with proper access) may post
a new message on the board or post a reply to another message.
Message networks expand the bulletin board idea for automatic posting of
messages on other BBSs. As such, any message posted on one BBS will
automatically appear on every other BBS in the network. Please see section 6.1
for more information about networking.

Now, keeping your BBS theme, space available, and the networks you plan to run
in mind, it is time to plan your message board structure. Centipede allows for
up to fifteen separate message boards on your BBS [NAL: Only one message board
available in Lite.], although it starts using hexadecimal to number the boards
after the ninth one, so you may want to keep the total under nine. Each
message board has the following properties:

Name:
Your board needs a purpose for existence. The name should very briefly state
this purpose in a way that clearly separates it from your other message
boards. On a small BBS, you may wish to run only one message board.

Categories:
Each board must then be separates into categories. Up to twenty-six categories
may be used. Each category needs a name and a clear purpose within the
confines of the purpose of the board. You may also define a minimum access
level required for each category, which functions over and above the message
board access level. (See Access below.)

Threading:
A board may be threaded or unthreaded. A threaded board will have all replies
to a post displayed together. In the bulletin board analogy, it is like
posting replies right under the last reply. An unthreaded board will display
messages strictly in the order in which they were created. In the analogy,
this would be like always posting new messages and replies in the next free
spot on the board, with no relation to the original post or replies.

Access:
Access can be set either by one of the nine general access levels, or as
private. For a private message board [NAL], only members whom you have given
explicit access will be able to see the message board.

Size of the Board:
A message board can only hold so many postings, before it becomes full and old
postings must be removed. You must decide how many postings you want to keep
on each message board. Enough postings must be kept for readers to be able to
refer back to a detail and for members who don't call daily to still be able
to read when they do call. However, a member who goes away on vacation is
probably not interested in returning to read a thousand new messages. Balance
is needed. Additionally, each posting requires its own file on disk. Many disk
storage units have limitations on the number of files they can hold in a
directory. Don't fret over this property too much though - it can be adjusted
at any time.

Network Association:
For public messaging networks, message board categories must be associated
with network categories. It is generally a good idea to give each network its
own message board [NAL], in order to be clear to the readers where a message
came from, and where a reply will go. However, Centipede does not require
this. You are free to mix local and different network categories on a single
message board.


2.1.2 - File Transfer Areas

The next major area of any BBS is the file transfer area. The file transfer
area (sometimes called Upload/Download or U/D area) allows for members to
exchange files by uploading to the BBS, and downloading from it.

Centipede allows you to group your file transfer directories (similar to disk
directories) into anywhere from one to fifteen categories [NAL: Only one
category available in Lite.], although it starts using hexadecimal to number
the categories after the ninth one, so you may want to keep the total under
nine. Each category has the following properties:

Name:
The category name should briefly indicate the types of directories that fall
under it. On a small BBS, you may wish to run only one file transfer category.
In this case, Centipede will skip any category selection and go directly to
directory selections.

Directories:
Each category must be separated into directories. Up to twenty-six directories
may be used, each with the following attributes:

     Name:          The name of the category.
     Location:      The disk location where the files are stored. Each file
                    transfer directory must be in its own disk directory
                    (location).
     Direction:     A directory may be upload only, download only, or both.
     Access Level:  General access level needed to see the directory. A more
                    restrictive category access requirement will override 
                    this setting [NAL].
     Files:         Each directory may contain up to 300 downloadable files;
                    subject to storage unit directory limitations.

Access:
Access can be set either by one of the nine general access levels, or as
private. For a private file transfer category [NAL], only members whom you
have given explicit access will be able to see the category and its
directories. This will override a lower directory access level.

There are several ways of setting up file transfer area options. First, if you
only have a small amount of storage space, you may opt out of using categories
all together. This will leave you with only directories to deal with, and is
recommended if you plan to have twenty-six or fewer directories on your
system.

For larger transfer areas, a category system is necessary. I'll cover two
common methods used for selecting category/directory configurations:
platform/type and type/platform. You are free to mix these methods or come up
with your own. 
[NAL: Since Lite can only use one category, this section has been removed.]

A final note on the file transfers area involves a thing called credit. You
may choose to encourage fair usage of your file transfer area by requiring
credits to be used when downloading. Centipede has two credit awarding systems
built-in [Only one in Lite], of which you may use both, either, or neither.

The first place a member may earn credits is upon uploading of a file. For
each disk block uploaded to the BBS, the caller will receive a certain
proportional number of credits to use for downloading. The number of credits
received for each block uploaded may be any integer value. (I.e., One-for-one,
double credit, triple, etc.) 

The problem with the first award system is that there is no check of upload
quality. Someone can upload his grocery list multiple times and receive
credits. The second way of earning credit then, is when another member
downloads a file [NAL]. The person who uploaded the file is then awarded
credit based on how many times the file is downloaded. The more popular a file
is, the more credits the uploader will earn.

Alternatively, of course, you may choose to simply disable the requirement of
credits for downloading. This will effectively disable the credit system and
allow any member (or any member of a minimum access level) to download any
number of files within their daily time limit.


2.1.3 - On-Line Games [NAL]

There are well over 100 games available for Centipede. However, Centipede
Lite does not support them.


2.2 - General Access Levels

General access levels define a set of abilities and limitations shared by
members at each of the nine levels. In Centipede, level one is the most
restrictive while level nine gives full access to the system. Beyond that
general guide line, the abilities and limitations of each level is completely
configurable. 
[NAL: Skipping configuration options section of the manual.]

In addition to the access levels, each member may be given individual access
to a message board or file transfer categories [NAL]. Daily time limits may
also be adjusted on an individual basis.

In the full version of Centipede, you may create your own guide-lines for
access levels. Centipede Lite lacks this customization, and so most access
level restrictions are already defined within the menus. The access level
guide-line used by Centipede Lite is as follows:

1. Crippled:   These members will be able to do next to nothing. They will
               be able to read and reply to e-mail, but only initiate mail to
               the SysOp. No message board or file transfer access. This is a
               possible starting level for an unverified new member.

2. Looker:     These members will have the added benefit of being able to look
               at messages or files, but not add anything of their own. This is
               also a good place for a new member.

3. Restricted: These members will be able to post messages and upload files.
               Local e-mail may be allowed, but not network. They are
               restricted by the credit system for downloads and uploads that
               must be released by a Co-SysOp.

4. Open:       These members have open access to most of the general system,
               including all e-mail, networking, and file transfer areas. The
               credit and upload release restrictions may or may not stay in
               place. This is your typical member.

5. Privileged: These members have access to all non-SysOp features with
               little restrictions. Place valued members here.

6. V.I.P.:     These members have special V.I.P. treatment. Guest SysOps of
               other systems or close friends often reside here.

7. Area-Op:    These members are low level Co-SysOps. They are usually in
               charge of one particular area, such as releasing uploaded files
               or patrolling message boards.

8. Co-SysOp:   These members are your primary Co-SysOps. They have access
               to most SysOp functions, possibly including Account Maintenance
               but excluding direct disk access (DOS prompt). The Account
               Maintenance utility will not allow a caller to edit their own 
               account or give someone higher access than themselves.

9. SysOp:      This person is you, and perhaps one fully trusted partner.
               Level nine members can do anything. It's that simple.


2.3 - What Storage Units Are You Using?

It is now time to start looking at your physical system. In this section, we
will go over how to use different storage units (disk drives, hard drives,
etc.) with Centipede. I assume that you already know the basics of how to use
your specific hardware, as well as the Commodore 128 computer. If this is not
the case, please review the relevant manuals before beginning.

Centipede is likely to be the most hardware demanding system you will ever run
across for a Commodore 8-bit computer. The bare minimum storage capacity for a
stripped down system (such as Lite) is 512 kB (2048 blocks). Half of that 
space needs to be on a high speed device(s). The following subsections
detail not only which devices meet the 'high speed' requirement, but also how
to use each one with Centipede.

First, we need an introduction to the Centipede concept of disk locations.
Different hardware units utilize the terms drives, partitions, subdirectories,
and several other concepts for indicated a specific file directory on disk. In
Centipede, this is all generalized into the term location. There are four
attributes to defining a location: device number, prefix, command, and
secondary command.

The device number should be familiar with you. Every Commodore disk drive unit
has a device number between eight and fifteen. Some units allow for higher
device numbers than fifteen, but Centipede does not support this. If you have
more than eight units, it is time to trade in for a higher capacity device and
start saving on the electric bill! For most BBSs, these devices are on 24
hours a day, so this can be a real concern.

The prefix is automatically attached to the file name of any reference to a
file in the location. In the original Commodore design, this prefix could
either be "0:" or "1:", indicating drive 0 or drive 1 on a dual-floppy unit.
Modern additions now allow for partition numbers, subdirectories, and LUs to
be selected via the prefix. The prefix will always conclude with a colon.

The command is a disk channel command sent to the storage unit when the
location is to be selected. On simple single directory units (such as floppy
disks), this is generally "i0", which tells the device to take note of what
disk it currently holds. Modern units can select partitions, subdirectories,
and so on, by way of this command.

The secondary command is an optional field used when a single disk channel
command is not enough. For instance, the first command may select a partition,
while the second command selects the subdirectory.


2.3.1 - Floppy Drives

This is the bottom line storage unit for your Centipede system. Every system
should have a least one floppy, even if solely for transferring files from
floppy disk to another storage unit. 

While it is possible to run a slow system with only a series of floppy drives,
it is by no means recommended. You will need to have at least one of the other
storage units listed in the following subsections.

The 1541 and 1571 floppy disk drives are only capable of holding a single
directory on a disk. As such, the disk location information is rather
straight forward: Prefix is always "0:" and command is "i0". A device number
of eight to eleven may be physically selected by jumper, solder cut, or dip
switches. Refer to your disk drive manual to learn how to change the device
number.

Generally, the 1581 floppy drive works much like the earlier Commodore model
floppy disk drives. The 1581 does contain a partitioning option though. Each
partition has its own directory space with a capacity of holding 296 files. As
such, partitioning can be useful for storing multiple message boards on a
single 1581 disk. A 1581 disk split into three even sized partitions can then
easily hold three message boards of 290 postings each. (Leave yourself some
elbow room.) Refer to your manual and/or 1581 Test/Demo disk for information
on creating partitions. In Centipede, the location information will still use
the prefix of "0:", now with a command of "/partition-name" and a second
command of "i0".

The 1542 and other dual-drive units work just like their single drive
counterparts, but use the "1:" prefix and "i1" command for referring to drive
#1.

Centipede can also be used with IEEE drive units. In order to use one of
these, you will need a C128 mode IEEE interface, such as the QuickSilver IEEE
interface. The location information works the same as other floppy drives.

For details on configuring CMD floppy drive units and their location
information, please refer to subsection 2.3.3. The CMD FD units can be
effectively treated as slightly slower, smaller capacity versions of the CMD
HD. It is even possible to use a CMD FD unit as your primary storage unit, if
you do not mind some short delays.

The following table lists the capacity and directory space (number of files
that can be held) for several common floppy drives.

       DEVICE       1541      1571      1581      CMD FD-2000
       CAPACITY    164 KB    330 KB    784 KB       1590 KB
       DIR.SPACE    144       144       296        unlimited


2.3.2 - RAM Expansion Unit (REU)

The Commodore (and clone) RAM Expansion Unit (REU) adds memory to the
Commodore 128 computer in the form of external memory. This memory is not
readily available to programs however. A convenient way for a program to use
an REU is as a RAM-based disk drive. This is accomplished via a special
program called RAMDOS.

Centipede is fully compatible with RAMDOS, and a copy of the RAMDOS 128 v4.5
package is included on your Centipede disks. [NAL - You may still use RAMDOS,
it just is not included here.]  Please refer to the documentation within
the RAMDOS package for information on how to use it. Use the default option
of memory page 14. Any device number between 8 and 15 may be used, so long
as it does not conflict with any other devices.

Because RAMDOS uses RAM for storage, it is extremely fast. As such, it easily
meets the speed requirements for your 'high speed' device for Centipede.

The down side of REUs is that they do not maintain data in the event of a
power loss. If you lose power to your computer (including simply turning it
off), the contents of your RAM disk will be lost. Because of this limitation,
only program files should be stored on your RAM disk. All program files should
be added to and/or modified on a special floppy disk (or disks) which can be
used to reload the RAM disk when needed. Additionally, any time you reset your
computer the RAMDOS system will need to be reloaded. Done properly though, the
contents of your RAM disk will not need to be reloaded. (Once again, refer to
the documentation that is included in the RAMDOS package.)

The location information for a RAMDOS REU is the device number you chose,
prefix "0:", and command "i0"; just like a floppy disk.


2.3.3 - CMD Hard Drive and RAMLink

CMD's storage units are the most advanced storage systems ever built for
Commodore computers. They have a level of flexibility, compatibility, and
reliability that is unequaled by any other device. It goes without saying that
they make excellent choices for running Centipede.

The CMD RAMLink is a high speed RAM disk. Unlike an REU with RAMDOS, there is
no driver software to load (it's in ROM), and its contents are not lost when
the computer is reset or turned off (it has its own power source). The RAMLink
can still lose power in a back out though, so make frequent backups and do not
store important information that changes frequently on a RAMLink. You may wish
to consider getting a battery backup for your RAMLink. Storage capacity ranges
from one to sixteen megabytes.

The CMD HD is a high capacity hard drive system. Using a normal serial
connection, the CMD HD runs at a speed that may be acceptable if you don't
mind short delays. You may wish to combine your CMD HD with a Jiffy-DOS chip
(also from CMD) or a RAMLink in order to achieve much higher speeds. Refer to
your CMD HD manual for more information. Storage capacity ranges from 20 MB to
4 GB. 

Both of these devices (as well as the CMD FD units) use the same partitioning
and subdirectory structuring. Unless you have reason to do otherwise, it is
recommended that you use native mode partitions, set for the highest size
possible. On the RAMLink and FD units, the largest size is the entire unit. On
the HD, each partition may be up to 16 MB. You can then split the partitions
into subdirectories for different uses. The reason for this recommendation is
that free space is common to all subdirectories, but not to partitions.
Obviously you have to take the situation into account. You can run a Centipede
Lite system (excluding the file transfer areas) on one megabyte. You need not
allocate a full 16 MB partition. If you have a large hard drive, give the
Centipede system twice of what you think you will need (so you won't have to
worry about it anymore) and then create 16 MB partitions for your file
transfer areas.

Finally, if you are running both a RAMLink and a HD, create a partition on
your HD the same size as your RAMLink. This will make for easy backups using
the mcopy program that comes with both units.

There are two ways of designating file locations on CMD equipment. One is to
send explicit change partition and change subdirectory commands. The other is
to use the full path to a file as the prefix. There is no proven advantage of
one over the other, so take your pick.

Using explicit change commands, set the prefix to "0:", which tells the CMD to
use the current partition. The first command is then "cp x", where x is the
partition number. The second command is "cd//name" where name is the
subdirectory name. Double slashes are needed to tell the unit to begin
searching from the root directory. If you are using nested subdirectories (not
recommended), use the syntax "cd//name1/name2..."  If you are not using
partitions or not using subdirectories (which is possible with some systems),
then only use the one needed command and leave the secondary command blank.

Using the full path prefix method, the prefix will include the partition
number and subdirectory name. For instance, to locate the directory in
partition number 12, in the subdirectory games, use the prefix "12/games/:".
The prefix always ends with a final slash and a colon. The command can then be
set to a simple "i0", and the secondary command is blank.

A mix of these two methods is also possible. For example, you may use the cp
command to choose a partition, and then put the subdirectory in the prefix.
Refer to your CMD manual for a detailed explanation and more examples on how
to select partitions and subdirectories.


2.3.4 - ICT Data Chief and Mini Chief

The ICT hard drive units were the first hard drives units designed for the
Commodore 64 and 128. In essence, these units pretend to be a chain of 1541
and 1571 disk drives. The hard disk is partitioned to emulate these drives.
There is also a chain mode used to link multiple partitions together -
effectively creating larger partitions. The Mini Chief is a 1571 with a hard
drive added internally. On this unit, the actual floppy drive is partition
zero. The Data Chief only contains a hard drive.

Centipede supports the ICT units with a limitation: chain mode is only
supported for file transfer areas. For everything else, single partitions must
be used. You should format your partitions alternatively as 1541 or 1571
emulating, depending on the storage capacity needed. Chained partitions need
to be all formatted as 1541 partitions.

To define a location on an ICT, use the standard prefix of "0:". The command
will be "hx", where x is the partition number to select. The second command is
blank. For file transfer areas, you may chain together a group of partitions
by using the hm4 command as described in your manual. As an example, "hm4 11
30" will chain partitions 11 through 30 together.


2.3.5 - Lt. Kernal Hard Drive

The powerful Lt. Kernal hard drive system is also supported by Centipede. This
is a high speed device that plugs into the cartridge port of your C128. An
additional C128 Adaptor Board is required to use the Lt. Kernal in C128 mode.
Lt. Kernal capacities range from 20 MB to 165 MB.

You may create up to ten user defined partitions, called logical units (LU).
Each may hold as much as 32 MB and is split into sixteen users. These user
numbers create the effect of subdirectories. In actuality, all files in an LU
are stored in the same physical directory. A system with many postings on the
message boards and many games could easily have a few thousand files in the
physical LU directory, which can create a noticeable slow down. In this case,
you may wish to split the files into multiple LUs to speed up access time.
Please note that as far as Centipede is concerned, different user numbers are
different directories. You should treat them as such.

When defining the LUs on your Lt. Kernal, you need to give careful
consideration as to the size and number of LUs you use. You may wish to give
one LU to the main Centipede files, another to the message board, and then all
others for the file transfer areas. While having only a few, large, LUs
provides the most flexibility in usage of free space, you are limited to only
sixteen directories per LU. Give these limitations careful consideration when
planning. Fortunately, you do have the Lt. Kernal utilities autocopy and
automove on your side. These utilities make it easy to move directories from
one LU to another, should one fill prematurely.

A location on an Lt. Kernal is defined by its LU and user numbers. A single
disk channel command named ldlu selects both of these values. The 'l' is the
command name and always remains the letter L. 'd' stands for device. This is
the device number of your Lt. Kernal - usually 8. The second 'l' stands for
logical unit, and is the LU you wish to select. The 'u' is the user number.
User numbers must be represented in hexadecimal format. That is, user #10 is
'a', user #11 is 'b', etc. The entire command must be exactly four characters
long and consist of lowercase letters and numbers.

In Centipede, set the location with the ldlu command as the command, no
secondary command, and "x:" as the prefix, where you replace 'x' with the LU
number. Within the BBS, you normally will not be prompted for the prefix, as
Centipede can figure that out on its own.

The Lt. Kernal has an optional hardware component called a multiplexer, or
mux, which allows for connecting up to four computers to a single hard drive.
Multiple 'muxers' may be used to connect up to sixteen computers. Centipede is
capable of running a dual-line BBS on two such multiplexed computers [NAL].


2.4 - Multiplexed System [NAL]

Centipede was designed from the very beginning to be able to run two lines to
your BBS. Because the C128 is not a multiplexing computer by nature, two
C128's are required to achieve this effect - one for each line. It is,
however, a single BBS system; since both computers share the same files. [NAL]

There is only one system available for the C128 that can connect more than one
computer to a single hard disk; that is the Lt. Kernal.


2.5 - What Modem and Interface Are You Using?

Storage units are very important, but if you want your BBS to be available for
people to call in, you will need a modem and possibly an interface to connect
it with.

Centipede will work with any external modem that supports the Hayes AT command
set. Nearly every modem of 1200 bps and above supports this. If you are not
using a modem that plugs directly into the C128 use port (such as the
Commodore 1670 and the Aprotek Minimodem-C series) you will also need a modem
interface. A simple user port modem interface can drive a modem with Centipede
at up to 4800 baud. The SwiftLink cartridge can handle up to 38400 baud and
the Turbo232 cartridge, 203400 baud[NAL]!

When using a SwiftLink or Turbo232, you may run into conflict with another
cartridge you are using. If you are using a RAMLink, simply plug the SwiftLink
or Turbo232 into the pass-through port on the RAMLink. In the case of an REU
or Lt. Kernal host adaptor, you will need a cartridge port expander such as
the EX2+1 from CMD. Use the EX2+1 rather than the EX3, so that the heavy REU
or host adaptor can lay flat, rather than in the air.

For the Lt. Kernal, you will need an extra long ribbon cable to connect the
C128 Adaptor Board to the host adaptor now on the cartridge port expander.
Additionally, the jumper labeled P2 on the host adaptor circuit board must be
connected to the right two pins (vertically) when looking at the cartridge as
you would plug it into the C128. No other jumpers are to be attached to the
host adaptor.

The following table offers information on how to use several types of modems
with Centipede. If your modem is not listed, start with the generic version
for your baud rate and play with the settings as necessary. Also, be sure to
read the manual addendum on your Centipede disk for any updates or additions
to this table.

MODEM                                                              FIXED  MAX
NAME            CONFIGURATION              INITIALIZATION          BAUD   BAUD
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Commodore
1670(A)          none                      ATX1S0=0F1Q0V1M0E0        NO   1200

Generic 1200
(including the
MiniModem C(B))  none                      ATX1S0=0S10=30F1Q0V1M0E0  NO   1200

Generic 2400     AT&F&D0&C1&S0X1           ATS7=30S10=30             NO   2400
                 ATS0=0M0E0&W0

MiniModem C24    none                      ATS7=15S10=30X4M0E0       NO   2400

PPI 14400FXMT
and FXSA         AT&F0E0M0T&C1S10=30       ATH0Z0                    NO  38400
                 ATS36=5S95=2S109=46&W0

Generic 14.4K    AT&F0E0M0T&C1S10=30       ATH0Z0                   YES  38400

Motorola Power
Class 28.8       AT&F0E0D0&C1\J1&W0        ATH0Z0                    NO  57600

Generic 28.8K    AT&F0E0M0T&C1S10=30       ATH0Z0                   YES  57600

Generic 33.6K    AT&F0E0M0T&C1S10=30       ATH0Z0                   YES 115200

Generic 56K(C)   AT&F0E0M0T&C1S10=30       ATH0Z0                   YES 115200

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A. The 'newer' 4 dip-switch version is required; set switch 3 UP, and all
   others DOWN.
B. The MiniModem C dip switches should be set with switches 1, 4, 5, and 6 UP,
   and all others DOWN.
C. 56K modems can only call out at 56K. When receiving a call, such as on your
   BBS and any BBS you may network with, they act as a 33.6K modem


The following is an explanation of the fields:

Configuration:
Run your favorite terminal program and send this command string to your modem.
It stores your modem configuration in nonvolatile memory in the modem. The
text should be entered in lowercase and spaces are optional. The '0's are
zeros, not the letter oh. The '\' appears as a back-slash in your modem manual.

Initialization:
This is your modem initialization command that you will enter into the
bbs-setup program for Centipede. (See subsection 4.1.3.) The text should be
entered in lowercase and spaces are optional. The '0's are zeros, not the
letter oh.

Fixed Baud:
This field corresponds to a modem setup parameter in the bbs-setup program.
High speed modems can communicate with the local computer at a higher speed
than with the remote modem. This facilitates data compression. Some of these
modems do not easily change the local baud rate according to the connection
speed. These should then fix the local baud rate at the maximum speed. When
using a fixed baud rate, the modem and computer will always communicate with
each other at the maximum baud rate, no matter the connection speed. Using
this will result in the draw back of the local and remote displays being
slightly out of sync.

Max Baud:
This is the maximum DTE (modem-to-computer) baud rate to use. This setting
will also be entered into the bbs-setup program. On modems that support data
compression, this should be set higher than the DCE (modem-to-modem carrier)
rate. Please note that a user-port connection maxs at 4800 baud, and the
SwiftLink at 38400 baud. [NAL: Lite does not support more than 38400 baud,
even with a Turbo232.] Do not attempt to use a higher rate on a modem interface
that does not support it.


2.6 - Planning File Structure

The Centipede files are split among several file locations (directories).
Unless otherwise stated, any of these locations may overlap. For instance, you
may choose to put your system files and support files in the same location.
This is fine. If you can though, it makes things clearer not to place several
types of files in the same location.

In each subsection, a recommended minimum storage space is given for the
location. If you have the space to spare, it is recommended that you allocate
two or three times this minimum. This will give you plenty of elbow room, thus
preventing you from having to worry about running out of space any time soon.
[Not quite as much of a concern if you plan to stick with Lite, as there is
little expansion possible.]


2.6.1 - Program Files

Several types of files actually fall under this category. They are:

   File Name   What They Are                 Appx. Blocks Needed
   ---------   ----------------------------  -----
   ovl.*       BASIC program code overlays.    90
   mdl.*       BASIC program code modules.    460
   mlc.*       Machine Language Code.         180
   mnu.*       Menu structure definition.      45
   scr.*       Executable scripts.             20


In addition, there are a few other miscellanies files that will be stored in
this location. In total, you need around 940 blocks (235 KB) of space in this
location, and it needs to be capable of high speed loading. Refer to appendix
A.1 for a listing of Centipede program files.
[NAL: Section on space for add-ons removed.]


2.6.2 - Support Files

There is a large collection of files, of the SEQ and REL types, that are
needed by the program code. These files serve a supportive function toward the
program code. They may serve to store variables ("var.*" files), [NAL: title
screens, player statistics in games], or just about anything else. You will
need to reserve at around 40 blocks for the support files of Centipede Lite.
Refer to appendix A.2 for a listing of Centipede support files.
[NAL: Section on space for add-ons removed.]


2.6.3 - Accounts Files

This location is the primary storage location for just two files: "accounts
file" and "member memory". The member memory file stores the membership list
in a special format that can be easily loaded into the computer's memory and
used for fast member name look-ups. It is only a few blocks long. The accounts
file, however, stores almost all information about each member. This REL file
will be two blocks long for each member account you allow for. For example, if
you set your system up to allow for up to 100 members, this file will be 200
blocks long.

The reason the accounts file (along with its companion, member memory) has its
own location is because it is so important! If you lose this file, everyone
will have to log in again as new members. People don't like that. This
location should thus be on your most reliable device. This file is not
accessed terribly often, so speed is not a deciding factor. NEVER place your
Accounts Files location on a RAM disk!


2.6.4 - System Files

The system files are a special form of support files that are used at a lower
level of the Centipede system than typical support files. There are only a few
of these, and it would be perfectly logical to store them in the same location
as your other support files. Allocating 35 blocks for this is typically fine -
although if you are running a large collection of menu phrases [NAL] (random
phrases that you may set to pop up at menu selections), you may need some more
space.


2.6.5 - Help Files

Help files are simple menu command lists that pop up when a caller presses the
question mark key in various places of the BBS. They are named with the
"hlp.*" prefix. This is only for the help files for the main Centipede system,
and perhaps some add-ons. Games [NAL] will store their help files in the
Support Files location. A mere 70 blocks will generally be enough space for
this location.

[Since Centipede Lite has so few System, Support, and Help files, with little
room for expansion, you may find it easiest to store all of these files in
the same location.]


2.6.6 - Caller Log File [NAL]

The caller log file stores a detailed log of what each member did during his
or her call. [NAL]


2.6.7 - Network Files

Centipede can run up to ten networks. [NAL: Only ComLink supported in Lite.]
Support files for all of the networks are stored in this location. The amount
of space needed depends on which networks you are running. Refer to the
manuals for any networks you wish to run for information on file space
requirements.


2.6.8 - E-Mail Files

E-mail is stored in one file per member who has e-mail waiting. Allocating
three blocks per member should be sufficient, but more is safer. A fairly fast
storage unit will make a notable difference when reading e-mail.


2.6.9 - Message Boards

Each message board requires its own disk location [NAL: Only one in Lite].
Each posting on a board uses its own file and requires an average of 2.5
blocks.

For message boards, any directory space limitation is the true deciding factor
for the maximum number of postings on a message board. For instance, if you
where to place a message board on a 1541 disk, the 644 blocks on a disk would
appear to indicate for the ability to store 250 messages. Unfortunately, the
1541 can only store 144 files, no matter the size. In this case, you should
store no more than 140 messages (leave a few spaces for the message board
index file and any temporary files) in the message board. Refer back to the
section 2.3 for information on any limitations on the number of files on your
storage unit.


2.6.10 - U/D Directories

Each file transfer directory requires its own disk location. File space
requirements depend entirely on what sort of files are being uploaded. You
must use your own discretion here.


2.7 - System Structure

Centipede has a command structure that can be called polymorphic. This means
that it can take many (unlimited, actually) forms [NAL]. You could build your
own system structure from scratch, but you will probably find it easier to
start off with one of the included structures and then customize it. 

Centipede Lite does not have a customizable structure. It uses a variation of
the Centipede Default structure. The Centipede Lite structure includes menus,
help files, scripts, and hotkey definitions to give you a fully functional
system. It is not the prettiest or the most efficient structure; far from it.
What it does do is give you every menu option available under Centipede
system.

The full version of Centipede includes Color 64 and Image BBS style
structures. It also allows you to create your own or download structures
written by others.


Copyright 1998, Bugsoft

  -<[ Use your browser's "BACK" button to return to the table of contents. ]>-
