5 - Maintaining and Modifying Your BBS

Now that you have planned out your BBS and set the main parameters, you are
ready to put your system online! There is more to running a BBS than simply
putting it up though, it must be maintained. In addition, there are more
options than just the ones in bbs-setup. Separate configuration utilities are
used for specialized areas of the BBS. The different sections of this chapter
will cover these built in maintenance and configuration utilities. However,
first thing's first...


5.1 - Booting Up

Turn on your computer, monitor, modem, and any storage units used by the BBS.
If your computer is already turned on, it is generally a good idea to reset it
before booting the BBS.

Set the currently active disk location to that of your program files, and run
the program "bbs". 

Note: If you run the "reboot" program instead, no further input will be
required from you during the boot-up process. All boot-up prompts will accept
their defaults.

As the system boots, you will see the Centipede copyright screen. This is
followed by the loading of your main parameters file, activation of the
Centipede machine language, and a quick identifying scan of all of your
storage units.

At this point, you will be prompted for the current date and time. Enter the
numeric values for the month, day, and year, using any key press as a
separator. If the date is already correct, just press RETURN. If the date
entered is different from the last known date for the BBS, you will be asked
if you want to perform a midnight reset. Answer YES if you are truly entering
a new day. Next, you need to enter the current time. This may be done with
military time, or by using the letters 'a' or 'p' anywhere in your input. You
may also use a plus sign as the first character to signal the computer to add
twelve to the hour you entered. There are a few other formats also recognized.
Just use whatever you find to be easiest.

With the input complete, the computer will create any missing message index,
draw the view panel, initialize any ComLink if you are using it, and load the
membership list into memory. If needed, a new membership list will be created
automatically.

At this point, you will arrive at the wait for caller (Wait4Call) screen...


5.2 - The Wait For Caller Screen

The wait for caller (Wait4Call) screen is where your computer will spend most
of its time when nobody is connected to the BBS. A wealth of information and
statistics is displayed on this screen. The Wait4Call screen is also your
command center for SysOp activity. Pressing the '?' or HELP key will bring up
a list of the built-in commands you may use. Additional hotkey commands may be
created. See section 5.8 for details on adding your own Wait4Call hotkey
commands. The following subsections describe each of the built-in commands.


5.2.1 - Login (F1/L)

Pressing the F1 or 'L' keys will let you log into the BBS, as if you had
called over the phone line. Note that if you have defined a local access
password [NAL] in bbs-setup, this is the only Wait4Call command that can be
used without that password.


5.2.2 - Instant Login (F2/I) [NAL]

Press F2 or 'I' to perform an instant login. This will take you to the BBS
main menu, as any member, without going through the login process. The only
information that will be requested is a membership number. [NAL]


5.2.3 - View Caller Log  (F3/C) [NAL]

The caller log details every major move made by a caller while logged into the
BBS. Press F3 or the 'C' key to view the log. You have the option of viewing
this log in the order of oldest entry first, most recent entry first, or to
search for calls that contain certain information. If you have a printer
attached, you will also have the option of sending the output to the printer.
[NAL]

[In Centipede Lite, this command will instead give you information about the
full version of Centipede.]


5.2.4 - Terminal Mode (F4/T)

Centipede includes a very simple terminal program. It has a minimal feature
set and is not meant for extensive use. On screen prompting will guide you
through its usage. Press F4 or 'T' to activate.


5.2.5 - Read/Reply to E-mail (F5/R)

Pressing F5 or 'R' will let you quickly read any e-mail in a raw data format
and to send e-mail (reply) without logging in. You also have the option of
clearing the contents of the mailbox when you are done.

If you have a printer attached, you will have the option of sending the output
to the printer.


5.2.6 - SysOp Maintenance Menu (F6/S)

The SysOp Maintenance Menu is the main command center for maintaining your BBS
by editing menus, scripts, settings, and running of a large variety of
utilities. When you press F6 or 'S' from the Wait4Call screen, you will be
instantly logged into the BBS as member number zero, with the name SysOp, and
placed into the SysOp Maintenance menu. This same menu can be accessed from
online by pressing the exclamation key from the main menu. The later sections
in this chapter detail the operation of some of the commands available under
SysOp Maintenance. Hangup to be returned to the Wait4Call screen.

Note: Although you can go into any area of the BBS from the SysOp Maintenance
Menu, it is recommended that you restrict yourself to maintenance functions
when logged in this fashion. Some areas of the BBS will not function correctly
for member number zero. For instance, you can send e-mail and post messages,
but you cannot receive e-mail, and some networks will identify such messages
as corrupted. Also note that membership account zero is not configurable. No
record is kept of its activities or options.


5.2.7 - File Maintenance (F7/F)

Pressing F7 or 'F' takes you to file maintenance (often referred to as DOS
mode) where you are presented with a line input that accepts disk operations.
Any disk command channel command may be used. Refer to your storage unit
manual(s) for details on all available commands. The file maintenance utility
also accepts numerous commands of its own. Press RETURN on a blank line to
exit. The following table lists, and briefly describes, the most command
commands available:

Cmmnd  Description
@      Read current disk status
#      Change current active device (#9 for device 9)
!      Run the file editor
*      Run the multiple file copier utility (cross device)
$      Display the disk directory (standard pattern matching accepted)
%      Update a file transfer directory
c      Copy a file on the same device (c:copyname=originalname)
cd     Change directories on some storage units (cd:dirname)
cp     Change partitions on some storage units (cp2)
f      Display the file contents to the screen (f:filename). By appending the
       file name with ,p for PRG or ,r for REL, you may view BASIC and REL
       files.
lxxx   Change Lt. Kernal location (l812 for device 8, LU 1, user 2)
n      Format a disk or directory (n0:diskname,id)
r      Rename a file (r:newname=oldname)
s      Scratch a file (s:filename)
uj     Reset the device
v      Validate the drive or partition
x      Run the single file copy utility (cross device)


5.2.8 - System Shut Down (F8)

Press F8 to shut down Centipede and return to BASIC. It is best to do a proper
shut down via this command rather than just resetting or turning the computer
off.


5.2.9 - Answer/Disconnect Call (C=)

Pressing the Commodore key from the Wait4Call screen with place the modem in
answer mode. If the modem is already answering a call, pressing the Commodore
key will abort the connection process.


5.3 - Account Maintenance

Account Maintenance is used to edit individual information for each member's
account. Upon entering, enter the handle or number of the account that you
wish to edit. The first one you should edit is your own, user #1. BBS-setup
creates this account when it creates the accounts file. You will need to edit
your account to fit yourself. To edit a field, press the field letter and then
enter the new data. Following is a brief description of each field:

A) Handle:          The member's online name. Limited to 20 characters.
B) Real Name:       The member's real name. Centipede only uses this to
                    display the information on the view panel. [NAL]
C) Access Level:    The member's general access level from 1 to 9. Set to 0 to
                    delete the member.
D) Password:        The member's password. Limited to 9 characters.
E) Expiration:      Day that the member's membership expires. [NAL]
F) Upload Blks:     Disk blocks member has uploaded. Used for calculating
                    credits.
G) Download Blks:   Disk blocks member has downloaded. Used for calculating
                    credits.
H) Xfer Protocol #: Member's last selected file transfer protocol number,
                    between 1 and 3.
I) ShortView Flag:  Member's choice as to whether or not to be shown the Short
                    View descriptions in U/D directories.
J) Experience Lvl:  Member's self-designated experience level with the BBS.
K) Word Wrap:       Last state of the member's message editor word wrap
                    selection.
L) Review Posts:    Member's choice as to whether to see their own last
                    postings made when reading new messages.
M) Default Editor:  Member's selected editor type choice: Line or Full screen.
N) Autopause line:  Number of lines on member's screen - thus where to
                    auto-pause. Set to 0 to disable.
O) Last Msg Read:   Message number member last read on each message board. Set
                    value to a negative to lock the member out of a 
                    message board [NAL].
P) UD Cats Locked:  File transfer area categories you want to lock member out
                    of, regardless of access level. [NAL]
Q) Last Called:     Day, time, baud rate, and emulation mode of member's last
                    call. Only the date can be edited.
R) # Calls Today:   Number of times member called on last called date.
S) Time Left:       Minutes member has left for the day.
T) Daily Time Adj:  Number of minutes by which you want to adjust this
                    member's daily time limit in relation to the normal limit
                    for their access level.  Enter a negative value to
                    subtract time.
U) Misc Comments:   Any comments you want to make about the member. It is
                    shown to you in Account Maintenance and on the view panel.
                    You may also select to show it to the caller using MCI
                    commands, and a skilled member may be able to view their
                    own comments using those same MCI commands.
V) Edit Extra
   Info Fields:     Their are nine Extra Info Fields that can hold any data.
                    See the explanation for the "application" file in 
                    appendix A.2.
Z) Edit user info:  View and edit the information file about this member.[NAL]


To delete an account, set the access level to 0.

On exiting Account Maintenance, you will be asked if you wish to create a new
member list. Do so if you have added or removed a member, or changed a handle.


5.4 - Accounts Adjustments [NAL]

This utility is used for making mass adjustments to all membership accounts.
This is sometimes necessary after changing a system configuration. [NAL]


5.5 - Editor

A single standard text message editor is used throughout Centipede. From SysOp
Maintenance, you may use it to edit any text based file on any of your storage
units. Help on using the editor is available online.


5.6 - Selectable Picture Format (SPF) Files [NAL]

The Selectable Picture Format (SPF) defines a hybrid text file format that
combines various versions of displayable text (such as a picture) into a
single file. Files of this format may be used throughout the system to show
different variations of a menu or picture to callers in different emulation
modes. The different modes are: 40c ASCII, 80c ASCII, 40c Commodore, 80c
Commodore, ANSI, RIPScript, SupeRes. [NAL]


5.7 - Menu Editor [NAL]

The Menu Editor is where you can truly redefine your BBS. By changing the menu
structure, you can make your BBS look like an entirely different system. Of
course, the Menu Editor utility can also be used for simple things like adding
new games or add-ons to your system.

[The version of Menu Editor included in Centipede Lite is crippled. You may
only view menus, not modify them.]


5.8 - Script Editor [NAL]

One of the abilities that makes Centipede so flexible is its scripting
language. Scripting allows for easy writing of simple functions, and for
quickly adding pre-written add-ons to the system.

[The version of Script Editor included in Centipede Lite is crippled. You may
only view scripts, not modify them.]


5.9 - SysOp News Editor

As a part of the login script, the system checks for any new SysOp News since
the last time the member has called. Any new news is displayed. The SysOp News
Editor allows you to add a news item, delete an old news item, or view all of
the current news items. Old pieces of news should be deleted when not needed
in order to spare new members from reading them, and to speed up the process
of checking for new news.


5.10 - Voting Booth Editor

The voting booth may contain a single topic that your callers can vote on.
Each member has one vote, which they may change at any time. A voting tally is
computed after each vote is cast. To change the voting topic, use the Voting
Booth Editor. The Voting Booth Editor uses the standard Centipede message
editor to allow you to enter a voting question, and up to twenty-six choices.
That is all there is to it.


5.11 - Configure Area Commands [NAL]

[In this full version of Centipede, this sub-menu lets you configure hotkeys
for the Message Editor, E-Mail Reader, Message Board Reader, and File Transfer
Commands.]


5.12 - Regenerate Message Board

Each message board has an index file that is used to track message numbers,
categories, and threading. The file index is stored in a file named "msg
index", in each Message Board Files location.

Should one of these index files become lost or corrupted, use this utility to
rebuild it. The regeneration process can take several minutes, so be patient.


5.13 - Regenerate/Update File Directory

This utility is used to recreate or update a file transfer directory file.
Each directory location has a file named "^directory" which contains the file
transfer directory information. If the file is lost, use this utility to
create a new one. If you have added a file by some means other than by
uploading to the BBS, or removed a file by means other than the Delete File
utility (see next section), then use this utility to update the directory. The
updating process may take a minute or two.


5.14 - Delete File from Transfer Area

Run this utility to remove files from your file transfers area. Up to fifty
files may be selected at once from any combination of directories. Any
selected files will be scratched and their directories updated upon exiting
the utility.


5.15 - Releasing Files in the Transfer Area

In the bbs-setup program, you set an access level at which a member's upload
is automatically released. You also set an access level at which a member can
have access to unreleased files. Any file uploaded by a member below the
auto-release level will appear in the directory listing to those with access
in reversed type. These files must be released in order for other members to
be able to download them. Using this utility, select the files to be released.
The directories will be updated upon exiting the utility.


5.16 - Transfer Protocols

Centipede can accept up to ten file transfer protocols. [NAL: Lite only
supports the built-in protocols of Xmodem-Checksum, Xmodem-CRC, and Punter.]


Copyright 1998, Bugsoft

  -<[ Use your browser's "BACK" button to return to the table of contents. ]>-
