<HTML>
<BODY>
<PRE>3 - Installing The Centipede Files

Enough planning, let's get started on the computer! While reading through this
chapter you have the simple task of preparing your storage units and copying
and dissolving files. Nothing to it!


3.1 - Preparing Your Storage Units

In section 2.3 you learned how to use your storage units with Centipede, and
in section 2.6, you planned out your file structure. It is now time to put all
that knowledge and planning to work! Partition your drives, format your disks,
and create your subdirectories. It may sound like a lot, but this is very
easy. You've already planned it all out; this is the point where you simply do
it. All the information you need is in the previous sections and your storage
unit manuals.


3.2 - Dissolving The Archives

The Centipede Lite files are stored in file archives in order to sort them
into logical groups on disk. This is the same purpose that subdirectories
serve in file systems. Since Commodore floppy disks do not support
subdirectories however, we are stuck with archives. The library archival
format is used on your Centipede distribution disks. They are named with the
suffix ".lbr". The library format was chosen because it works in C128 mode
with any storage hardware, is fast, and has a friendly interface that allows
for individual file selection.

You'll find the "library v1.4" program in the same place that you got the rest
of the Centipede Lite files. Use this program to create and dissolve library
archives. Load the library program now and then continue... 

*    Switch to your Default Program Files location, and dissolve to it the
     "programs1.lbr" and "programs2.lbr" archives.
*    Switch to your Default Support Files location, and dissolve to it the
     "support.lbr" archive.
*    Switch to your System Files location, and dissolve to it the
     "system.lbr" archive.
*    Switch to your Help Files location, and dissolve to it the "help.lbr"
     archive.
*    If you are somehow reading this file without having done this already,
     dissolve the "manual.lbr" file to its own location someplace.

If your Centipede files are on 5.25" disks, you will need to flip and swap
disks to find the right libraries. The BASIC command 'directory' can come in
useful for this. (Refer to your favorite BASIC 7.0 Encyclopedia for details.)


3.3 - Installing a System Structure [NAL]

After dissolving all of the archives, you will have a BBS using the Centipede
Lite system structure. This is your only option for Centipede Lite.


Copyright 1998, Bugsoft

  -<[ Use your browser's "BACK" button to return to the table of contents. ]>-
