8 - Wrapping Up

We shall wrap up this manual with update policy, contact information, and
special thanks to many of the fabulous people who have made Centipede
possible.


8.1 - Updates, Games, and Add-Ons [NAL]

[Updates, games, and add-ons are not available for Centipede Lite.]


8.2 - Contacting the Author

Centipede is the result of years of BBS programming experience by Adam 'Ant'
Fanello. He can be contacted for comments, suggestions, or million dollar job
offers at any of the following:

NOTE: Technical support is not available for Centipede Lite. It is distributed
as freeware and "as is."

Postal Mail:   Adam Fanello
               4822 Larwin Ave
               Cypress, CA
               90630-3515 USA

BBS:           Nature Reserve BBS (Net64 capable)
               714-828-7296 (main line)
               User #1: 'Ant'      User #2: 'Centipede'

ComLink:       Send e-mail to: 1-Ant   -or-   1-Centipede

Internet:      support@bugsoftware.com 
               http://www.bugsoftware.com


8.3 - Getting Help From Other SysOps [NAL]

[NAL: Technical support is not available for Centipede Lite.]


8.4 - How to Report Problems

There is no such thing as an error-free program, with the possible exception
of the infamous one line program, "Hello World." This is particularly true of
huge systems like operating systems, productivity suites, and BBS programs.
Every effort is made at Bugsoft to eliminate these problems, but it is a
continuing battle of human vs. machine.

If you wish to report a problem in Centipede Lite, there is a right way and
a wrong way to state the problem. A statement such as "It crashes when reading
messages!" tells anyone trying to help you almost nothing about the cause of
your problem. The best strategy for reporting an error that causes a system
crash is to include your "error snapshot" file. The error snapshot is a
picture of what was on the screen when the crash occurred, including the error
message. Other insightful information includes a description of what the
system or the caller was doing leading up to a problem, a list of what add-ons
you are using, and a description of your hardware and configuration. There is
no such thing as too much information, only too little.

Your report will be read, but you will not necessarily receive a fix or even a
reply. Centipede Lite is an "as is" product. For technical support, expanded
functionality, and free updates, please purchase the full version of
Centipede.


8.5 - Thanks from Adam Fanello

A project of this size could not have been accomplished by one person alone.
We all owe Centipede's existence to a gaggle of people. I cannot possibly name
everybody who has an effect on Centipede here, but the following people,
presented in semi-random order, have stood out and have earned their thanks
here.

*    Thanks to all the people who purchased my previous BBS program, V128.
     Without the enormous success of V128, I doubt I would have had the
     courage, or prodding, to have created Centipede.
*    Mounds of thanks to the miracle worker, John 'Iceman' Pinson of the
     Inner Circle BBS. Not only was he the first to declare that I would one
     day be a SysOp, but he has continued to be one of my biggest supporters.
     John's natural skills of generating publicity and making connections
     could very well be how you came to learn about Centipede. His ability to
     destroy what little modesty I had lead me to reach out to possibilities
     I had hardly even imagined.
*    Lots of love to my mother, who not only put up with all my computers and
     dreaming, but supported me every step of the way.
*    Thanks to Roger 'Frog' Hyatt, who was the first brave SysOp to allow me
     to tack a crack at programming on his Color 64 BBS - the forerunner of
     V128 and later, Centipede!
*    Thanks to Richard 'Wanderer' Cunningham (not the TV character) of the
     Desert Oasis BBS for his lasting support, and one really incredible code
     optimization!
*    Thanks to Ken 'Megga Force' Nealey of the Ultimate Force BBS, for making
     sure there was a selection of games already converted to Centipede in
     time for its release, and for continuing to manage the Centipede game
     collection.
*    Thanks to Michael 'Byte1' Crisp of Thunder Publishing, for designing the
     Bugsoft and Centipede logos, as well as hosting the Bugsoft web site.
*    Thanks to 'Grampa' Charles Nichols for drawing the Commodore
     text/graphics version of the Bugsoft and Centipede logos.
*    And a big thanks to all those who have purchased Centipede!


Copyright 1998, Bugsoft

  -<[ Use your browser's "BACK" button to return to the table of contents. ]>-
