
 Area: rec.funny 컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  Msg#: 355                                          Date: 03-14-95  16:30
  From: Matt.trask@bix.com                           Read: Yes    Replied: No 
    To: All                                          Mark:                     
  Subj: Not by Jerry Pournelle, o
컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
@SUBJECT:Not by Jerry Pournelle, oh no                                
Message-ID: <S7f4.5a69@clarinet.com>
Newsgroups: rec.humor.funny

This was recently posted to my 'humor' conference on BIX and is 
reposted here with the author's permission.
------------------------

Parody Bit

Usees Column by
 Gerry Pourwelle

        When we finally got home from the monthly Rambling Writers
 Conference (this time in Djemaa-el-Fna), we found Fractal Manor's
 main hall shoulder deep in brand-new state-of-the-art totally
 free computer hardware and software for me to check out.  Drat.
 I'll never get around to most of it, of course, and probably will
 end up dumpstering 90% or more.  What I really need to properly
 handle all of the wonderful things companies send me absolutely
 free to review and enjoy with no obligation whatsoever on my
 part, is a trash compactor.
        I thought I'd start by reconfiguring my main computer, the
 Hyena 986SXDXMCMXCIV.  Right now the sectors on the hard disk run
 clockwise, but I heard a rumor that you can squeeze 0.2% more
 throughput by running them counterclockwise.  It's worth the
 effort.  Recommended.
        I slid the shrink-wrap off version 7.126 of DiskMember Gold
 (I know, you thought I'd never upgrade from version 4.79,
 especially after all my bad-mouthing of versions 5.33 and 6.02,
 but what can I say?  Only a Corinthian drinks kevis in a Veronese
 cantola.) and fired it up.  No joy.  I reread the documentation
 to no avail, then scanned the whole manual in, OCRed it, spell-
 checked the file and uploaded it to BIX with a question mark appended.
        While I waited for a response, I tried the software out on
 the TriskaDeck 1313.  This is the machine Bill Gibson uses when
 we collaborate.  It loaded fine and ran fine, but it seems to
 have automatically moved every hard disk sector to a random
 location and erased all the File Allocation Tables.  Luckily I
 had backed up the entire hard disk to a CD-ROM with the new
 BitByter 7000 CD-ROM Mastering Deck (only $40,000 and worth every
 penny.  Recommended.) so in only 6 more hours I was back where I started.
        While the disk was humming, I checked BIX with the
 Niebelungen Valkyrie we keep in a corner for when Sandy
 Solzhenitsyn is here writing.  No answers yet.
        On the chance that he might have some insight, I buzzed Bill
 Gates.  He mumbled something about it probably being a hardware
 problem before excusing himself.  That seemed plausible.
        I called Jan Toady, president of Hyena, who indicated that a
helicopter of
ground-assault technical assistants was hovering
 near Fractal Manor 24 hours a day and that all I had to do was
 give the word and they'd parachute in.  (Based on my own
 experience, I think Hyena offers the best service in the
 business, and not just because I mention their products every
 month in my column which millions of avid computer buyers read
 either.  I bet you'd get the same service I do.  Recommended.)  I
 chuckled and said I'd try to puzzle it out a little more myself.
 He said okay and then talked me into accepting a free laptop with
 holographic display and telepathic mouse.  A nice guy.
        I also got Mike Spindler, Lou Gerstner and Ross Perot on a
 conference call, but except for a few offers on tractor trailers
 full of new equipment they couldn't help me.
        My wife Svetlana (whose reading program can teach anyone
 with a $3000 computer how to read, and which is now available for
PC-compatibles, Apples,
Macintoshes and the Cray XMP for only
 $49.95 plus shipping and sales tax where applicable, have your
 MasterCard or VISA card ready and call 1-800-555-1212, operators
 standing by 24 hours a day) stuck her head in to say Hi.
        That gave me the idea to try calling my sons for help.
 Number one son Bud is now Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff,
 but when I called him he was busy in the War Room with the
 Secretary of Defense and some darn nerve gas missile crisis.
 It's always something with those civilians.  Second son Robbie
 was in the middle of performing emergency brain surgery on the
 President, but promised to get back to me when he had a breather.
 Chip was arguing a landmark civil rights case before the Supreme
 Court when he answered my beeper message, but he seemed to think
 it was hardware.  That would confirm Bill Gates's idea, if you'll
 recall.  It could be true.  On the other hand, it could be false.
 On the gripping hand, it could be some combination of hardware
 and non-hardware.  A tough call, any way you looked at it.
        I must have caught youngest son Ernie in an aerobics class
 in his college dorm room, because he seemed to be having trouble
 breathing when I called, and I could hear a husky female voice in
 the background saying, "Don't stop."  He only said, "Check the
 plug, Dad" and hung up.  His comment started me thinking.
        The Hyena has this long black wire sticking out the back
 that terminates in a plug-like connector.  The plug has two
 parallel flat metal prongs, and a third round prong about half an
 inch below the midpoint of a line segment joining the two flat
 metal prongs, if you follow me.  A little searching behind the
 desk where Jack Updike likes to work when he visits revealed an
 outlet in the wall with a corresponding arrangement of holes.  It
 seemed too good to be true.  I tried inserting the plug in the
 outlet.  No joy.  A quick call to Steve Hawking suggested that it
 was a space symmetry problem, and I rotated the plug 180 degrees
 and tried again.  It slid home perfectly.
        Well, I'm about out of room here now.  Next month I hope to
 get to this big red switch located on the side of the Hyena.
 Close study of the manuals suggests that it is somehow related to
 the functioning of the plug in the outlet.  I'll have the whole
 story for you in the next column, along with a report on the Jet-
 Setting Pen-Wielders Seminar in Montevideo.
        This month's favorite game is still Checkers.  There is
 something both deceptively simple and enticingly complex about
 this game that I have yet to master.  Highly recommended.
        The book of the month is Decline and Fall of the Roman
 Empire, on CD-ROM with clips from Hercules Meets Godzilla.  It's
 like being there.
        Continent of the month is Australia.  Give it a look.


Copyright (C) 1993, 1994 by Edmund X. DeJesus and Computer
 FunHouse.  All rights reserved.  Contains no user-serviceable parts.
--
Selected by Maddi Hausmann Sojourner.  MAIL your joke to funny@clarinet.com.
Attribute the joke's source if at all possible.  A Daemon will auto-reply.

Remember: Only ONE joke per submission.  Extra jokes may be rejected.
