TRUE NEWS 13/22

 =       =       =       =       = 

From: elgaard@diku.dk (Niels Elgaard Larsen)
Subject: road sides

The story about paper in the telephone company reminded me of
a true story told to me by a truck driver.

In the danish roadsides, there are these plasctic "mile-stones"
at a distance at 100 meter. They are called priests, because they
show the way, but they don't follow it.

There was a problem at one long slightly curved piece of road.
The big trucks often were careless - they got too far out in the
curve and smashed a few of these priests. The authorities got tired,
replacing these and designed a new model. This new fancy model
was placed on a spring, so that it could bend.
But it didn't work. The truck drivers found it amusing to hit all
the new priests on the road, so in short time they were all damaged.
It was then decided to replace the new model with the old one.
This didn't work, of course. The trucks didn't notice the change and
the first truck to pass, smashed all the priests.

Now this piece of road is guided by good old-fashioned stones.
        
 =       =       =       =       =

From: jbtubman@arcsun.arc.ab.ca (Jim Tubman)
Subject: Robertson Davies on Journalism and Fiction

Famous author (and former newspaperman) Robertson Davies recently gave
a reading from his most latest novel to a packed library theatre in
Calgary.  After the reading, he took questions from the audience.  One
young man asked, "Professor Davies, how can a practicing journalist
find time to write fiction?"

"Oh dear," Davies replied, "that question shows a great deal of
innocence about journalism."
        
 =       =       =       =       =

From: morreale@bierstadt.scd.ucar.edu (Peter Morreale)
Subject: Road Signs....

The following story was told at the Cray User's Group meeting in 
Santa Fe.  The author is a professional "double-speak" artist.  (a
stand-up comic who's act consists of giving "talks" at conferences which
contain nonsense sentences, slurred words, jokes, etc.  All delivered with 
the *greatest* sense of urgency and importance.)   His stage name is "Dr. 
Robert Payne", apologies to "Dr. Payne" as I cannot recall his real name.  

Dr. Payne swears that this is a true story.  

Late one evening in Atlanta, it seems that Dr Payne and another car are
approaching a signal light which is in the midst of changing from the
yellow caution light to red (go *very* fast...).   Seeing that the
driver of the van decided to continue on through the intersection, our
hero decides likewise.  

But alas, one of Atlanta's finest is awaiting nearby and stops both
autos.  

As Dr Payne is getting out of his car, he sees that the other driver has
already gotten out and is "speaking" with the officer.  The word
"speaking" is used loosely since it becomes quite apparent that the
other driver can only speak by signing.  And he is obviously agitated by
the manner in which his hands, and fingers are flying.  After a few
moments of this, the officer starts becoming obviously bewildered as the
other driver is increasing the tempo in which his hands and fingers are
flying.  

At this point, Dr Payne decides to take stock of his situation.  On the
one hand, we have a mute who is very upset, and an officer who
is starting to wonder how to handle this situation.  On the other hand, 
Dr Payne is a professional "double-speak" artist.  A person who makes
his living by speaking with just enough verbs, nouns, and adjectives as
to leave the unsuspecting without the slightest inkling that absolutely
nothing intelligent was spoken.   You fill in the blanks.....

After several minutes of the mute waving hands, and Dr Payne
*desparately* (:-) attempting to explain the situation, the officer
finally gives up and waves them both on.  (without the tickets...)

But the real punchline to this story comes after the officer takes off.
Up until this point, the mute has been attempting to read Dr. Payne's
lips as he spoke and was becoming quite bewildered himself.  Well... our
hero quickly introduces himself and explains that he just couldn't let
the opportunity pass.  After a few chuckles, the mute writes on a slip 
of paper, "Too bad we didn't get the tickets, could you imagine us in 
court?"
        
 =       =       =       =       =

From: MCGEE@nic.csu.net (RICH MCGEE)
Subject: True Blonde Joke

This was told me me by a friend of mine, who swears it's true:
"I told my blonde friend that my husband was finally going to build
me the mantle I'd wanted ever since last Christmas. My blonde friend
looked at me and replied: "That's nice. Where are you going to put it?""
        
 =       =       =       =       =

From: jimca@royalty.wv.tek.com (Jim Canan)
Subject: Kids and Computers 

Told to me by my brother...

    My eight year old nephew has been around computers since 
before he could walk.   He was in a department store last week.

    He came running over to his Mom and told her he had just 
found a new kind of printer that had a built-in keyboard.  
He wanted to buy it to use with their computer.

    Some of you may have already seen these new printers.  
They are being marketed under several brand names as   
"typewriters".
        
 =       =       =       =       =

From: njm@vax1.mankato.msus.edu
Subject: Minnesota drivers

This actually happened to my Uncle once.

My Uncle Don was driving from Chicago to Minneapolis on his way
to meet the family when, as he was just passing a car on the 
highway, he noticed the car's bumper sticker that read:

                 "HONK IF YOU LOVE JESUS"

Being a good christian he honked back. Just as he did, he noticed
the driver of the other vehicle turn his head and flip him off!
        
 =       =       =       =       =

From: GL250022@venus.yorku.ca
Subject: fragrances

There is a new product on sale for men in New York.
The fragrance "Recession" is being sold with the advertising line:
"The economy stinks -- you shouldn't have to."

Bloomingdale's is selling it with a slip of paper which reads:
"The scent for the man who used to have everything."

Read this in the Toronto Star,  03 October 1991.
        
 =       =       =       =       =

From: ark@eclipse.stanford.edu (Arthur Keller)
Subject: Strategic Typo

From the Herrington, The Enthusiasts' Catalog, dated Fall '91, back page:

"Touch Just One Button on This Dual-Deck VCR to Make Flawlwss (sic)
VHS Copies -- Without Drowning in a Sea of Tangled Wires!"
        
 =       =       =       =       =

From: harms@vax.muskingum.edu (Doug Harms)
Subject: Honesty in Politics

Our student body is currently conducting class elections, and the 
sidewalks are chalked with campaign slogans. The best one I've seen is:

 FOR LACK OF A BETTER REASON VOTE FOR BOB

And they say politicians aren't honest!
        
 =       =       =       =       =

From: UOG11001@vm.uoguelph.ca (Brian Switzer)
Subject: Vet under fire...

This is something passed on from someone else...

<The Vet Who Surprised a Cow>

  In the course of his duties in August 1977, a Dutch veterinary 
surgeon was required to treat an ailing cow.  To investigate its 
internal gases he inserted a tube into that end of the animal not
capable of facial expression and struck a match.

The jet of flame set fire first to some bales of hay and then to the 
whole farm causing damage estimated at 45,000 english pounds. The vet 
was later fined 140 for starting a fire in a manner surprising
to the magistrates.  The cow escaped with shock.
        
 =       =       =       =       =

From: sysmark@orca.cita.utoronto.ca (Mark Bartelt)
Subject: silver lining (but did they remember to sign their organ donor
cards?)

The following appeared in the September 17 edition of The Medical Post:

 In New York, more murders mean more organ donors

ROME - New York's appalling murder rate of over six victims daily is 
providing a wellspring of "ideal" candidates for transplant organ donation.
  Many of these murders are drug-related, the result of turf wars, and
drug dealers tend to kill each other with gunshot wounds to the head, 
Dr. Lewis Burrows, professor or surgery at Mount Sinai Medical Center, 
told an international organ transplant conference here.
  "If it's not a high-velocity bullet and it doesn't hit your breathing
centre, then there's a good chance you'll get to the hospital", he said.
"When you're declared dead, we begin to work."
  The victims are young, healthy, usually male, and, due to the demands of
their trade, "too smart to use drugs," which would make them ineligible
as donors, he said.  "They're ideal."
  Murder victims comprised 42 of 147 organ donors last year, he said,
helping to make up for a levelling in numbers of organs from traffic
fatalities since the institution of stricter speed limits and seat belt
regulations.
        
 =       =       =       =       =

From: shaevel@shaevel.austin.ibm.com (Jeff Shaevel)
Subject: Re: Mindless receptionist

> I called up the local auto club this morning to ask for a map of 
> Colorado. The receptionist who answered the phone asked me to spell my 
> last name, and then my first name.
> 
>    Me:  "D-A-V-I-D."
>   Her:  "Was the first letter 'D' as in David or 'B' as in boy?"

My mother was trying to reach my father at the office one day and had the

Mom : "I'd like to speak with Mr. Shaevel, please."
Receptionist: "I'm sorry he's not in at the moment."
M :  "Would you please tell him that his wife called?"
R :  "Could you spell the name please?"
M :  "W----I----F----E....."

Why is it that after a conversation like that, *you've* the one who
feels stupid? :-)
