
 Area: rec.funny 컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  Msg#: 424                                          Date: 04-25-95  15:30
  From: Jim Menard                                   Read: Yes    Replied: No 
    To: All                                          Mark:                     
  Subj: Reply to Wile E. Coyote v
컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
@FROM   :jimm@io.com                                                  
@SUBJECT:Reply to Wile E. Coyote v. ACME Company suit                 
Message-ID: <S81e.74de@clarinet.com>
Newsgroups: rec.humor.funny

[My brother, Stephen Menard, is a litigation attorney at a defense firm in
Philadelphia. He wrote this reply to the "Wile E. Coyote sues ACME" post which
appeared here a few weeks ago. Any errors in this post were introduced by me.
 -- Jim]


    UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
         SOUTHWESTERN DISTRICT OF ARIZONA


________________________________
WILE E. COYOTE,   :
 Plaintiff  :
    :
v.    : CIVIL ACTION NO. B19294
    :
ACME COMPANY,   :
 Defendant  :
________________________________:

  OPENING STATEMENT OF ARTHUR B. FUDDLE, ESQUIRE,
        COUNSEL FOR DEFENDANT

By Mr. Fuddle:

 Ladies and Gentleman of the jury: the opening statement you have just
heard from Mr. Schoff on behalf of the plaintiff, Wile E. Coyote, paints an
incomplete picture of what occurred on the occasions when Mr. Coyote claims he
was injured by ACME products.

 The evidence will clearly show that my client, ACME Products Corp., a
Division of Dangerously Innovative Products and Patents Incorporated (or
"DIPPI") is not at fault in this matter, and that any injuries sustained by
the
plaintiff were clearly caused by his own negligence, assumption of the risk
and/or misuse of the products.

 Now, we have all seen the footage on television of the plaintiff
withstanding various injuries which appear to be caused by ACME's products.
You have seen over and over the tape of a hapless coyote being bludgeoned by a
boulder as he is helplessly trapped by his ACME Spring Loaded Shoes.  We have
all seen the photographs taken at Warner Memorial Hospital of Mr. Coyote in a
very small incubator, on life support, as his doctors attempt to straighten
out
the accordion-like folds from his body.  We have all seen the gruesome images
of the operation in which Dr. Tazmanian D. Devil whirls like a dervish,
obscuring his features and creating a starry, "dust cloud" effect, while
numerous limbs holding various surgical instruments swiftly repair the nerve
damage to Mr. Coyote's extremities.

 It is normal for any human being to feel pity, horror, and even anger
at such images.  I want you to put those images aside for the moment, because
they paint an incomplete picture.  What the media has not disclosed to you,
and
what you will see in this courtroom, are various attempts at murder committed
by the plaintiff - attempts which, fortunately, failed - while using my
client's products.  As the plaintiff readily admits, he is a predator, and his
sole function in life is to track down and kill an innocent, highway
traversing
ornithoid.

 You see, ladies and gentleman, while the plaintiff is a natural
predator, he is not a very good one.  His own skills were inadequate to
complete the task at hand, so he chose to seek the aid of various devices to
effectuate his diabolical schemes.  He looked in a catalogue, saw my client's
products, and ordered them in the hope that they would assist him in killing
his prey.

 But ladies and gentleman, ACME's products are not meant to cause
intentional harm to anyone.  The plaintiff has taken what were designed as
amusements, toys for the young and feebleminded, and has twisted their use to
his own purposes.

 But I digress.  Let us examine plaintiff's claims and how the
evidence clearly refutes the proposition that ACME is responsible for any harm
sustained by the plaintiff.

 Mr. Coyote states that on December 13 he received a a an ACME Rocked Sled,
that he attempted to use said rocket sled to pursue his prey, and that, upon
igniting the sled, it accelerated with "sudden and precipitate force as to
stretch Mr. Coyote's forelimbs to a length of fifty feet."

 There are several reasons why ACME cannot be held responsible for any
injuries caused by this incident.  First, the warning label attached
conspicuously to the inside of the left front tire of the sled clearly stated,
and I quote: "WARNING: IGNITION OF THIS DEVICE AT FULL THROTTLE MAY CAUSE
SUDDEN AND PRECIPITATE FORCE AS TO STRETCH USER'S FORELIMBS TO A LENGTH OF UP
TO SIXTY FEET, OR MAY CAUSE DEATH."  That the plaintiff suffered so little as
a
result of his carelessness can be attributed only to Providence.

 Second, Arizona law is clear on this point: a plaintiff who is found to
be violating any law whose purpose is safety at the time of his injury is
contributorily negligent *per se*.  There is ample evidence that Mr. Coyote
was
violating both the laws of gravity and inertia at the time of this incident,
and thus he is responsible for his own woes.

 I could list many more examples of Mr. Coyote's negligent conduct in
connection with his use of ACME's products, but you will hear all about them
as
the trial goes on.  You will also hear the following evidence:

   (1) You will hear the plaintiff himself testify that, prior to the injuries
 complained of in this accident, he has suffered numerous injuries.  As
 an example, on one occasion prior to the use of any ACME product, the
 plaintiff cornered his prey on the edge of a rather thin precipice.
 Taking an ordinary saw, the plaintiff began cutting away so that the
 edge of the cliff, with his prey on it, would drop some 1500 feet to a
 jagged, rocky destruction.  Instead, by some inexplicable twist of fate
 the edge of the cliff remained standing while the whole mountain, on
 which the plaintiff was standing, plummeted to the bottom of the
 ravine, causing numerous injuries which affect the plaintiff to this
 day.

 On another occasion, Mr. Coyote was chasing his prey and followed it
 off of the edge of a cliff onto thin air, not realizing until too late 
 that his prey, a bird, could remain in the air almost indefinitely 
 while he, a canine, could not.  As a result, he fell yet again,
 suffering even further severe and debilitating injuries which predate 
 the injuries complained of in this action.

   (2) You will also hear the testimony of Mr. Road Runner, the plaintiff's
 prey and the true victim in this tragedy. Mr. Runner has been forced
 to live a nomadic lifestyle as a result of Mr. Coyote's unwanted
 attention, preventing him from forming any type of long term
 relationships.  Numerous restraining orders had no effect.  Mr. Runner
 has also suffered numerous psychological problems as a result of Mr.
 Coyote's actions, including but not limited to an inability to trust
 anyone who provides him with bird seed, a necessary ingredient in his
 daily nutritional schedule.

   (3) You will also hear from a witness to many of the incidents alleged in
 plaintiff's complaint, a colorful local prospector with red hair and
 moustache who has been known to proclaim: "No rootin' tootin' coyote
 can outsmart Yosemite Sam on any day of the week!"  Don't be fooled by
 his gruff manner and twin pearl-handled six-shooters, he's a pussycat.

   (4) Customer service records of defendant ACME, which we were forced to
 produce in this matter, clearly show that none of the complaints
 registered by ACME's customers nation-wide have ever resulted in
 criminal convictions of the officers of the corporation.

   (5) Finally, videotape evidence will demonstrate that plaintiff faked many
 of his injuries, setting out to create performances especially for a
 jury such as yourself.  On numerous occasions he would "mug" for the
 camera, as if he was well aware beforehand that he was being taped.
 For instance, during the "Rocked Sled" incident, as his forelimbs were
 stretched out ahead of him and his body remained behind, he looked 
 straight into the camera with a forlorn, tired expression, as if to
 say: "look at how terrible my situation is, can you guess what's going
 to happen to me now."  This jury is too smart to fall for such petty
 theatrics.

 In summary, ladies and gentlemen, it will be clear to you from the
evidence that ACME's products, if used properly, will cause only minimal
injuries to a user and his loved ones.  The plaintiff in this case has brought
his troubles upon himself by adopting his carnivorous lifestyle.  As others
have so adequately uttered: "Live by the Super Slick Jet Propulsion Automated
Explosive Metal-Shearing Heat-Seeking Laser-Guided Razor-Edged Boomerang, die
by the Super Slick, etc."

 I ask you, on behalf of my client, to dismiss the plaintiff's claims
against it.
--
Selected by Maddi Hausmann Sojourner.  MAIL your joke to funny@clarinet.com.

Please!  No copyrighted stuff.  Also no "mouse balls," dyslexic agnostics,
Iraqi driver's ed, Administratium, strings in bar or bell-ringer jokes.
